{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Information about Me\
\
Currently I work as a Robotics and Coding teacher. But I am looking for something new, exciting and challenging. In college I learned how to code Java, and have always found it fascinating. \
\
Recently I decided that I wanted to learn more coding languages and how to use them. I have also always wanted to create a few apps that I could use for personal use - I will detail some of the apps I wanted to create inside the iOS Folder. Therefore I decided to teach myself how to code on Xcode. I am not saying that iOS is better or anything, I just prefer to master one thing first before I learn how to code on Android - which is also something I would like to learn how to do. \
\
Currently I know how to code on Python and on Java. I have added some projects of works that I have done in Java, in my classes - this will be inside its own folder. As for my python projects this is the language I use to teach my students about how to code.  I do definitely enjoy coding and teaching myself how to create apps has been a very exhilarating process.\
\
\
That concludes my AboutME File\
\
Thank you for your time\
\
M. Vargas}