## [ Layer 4/6: Network Traffic ]

When computers send data over a network like the internet,
the data is broken up and placed within packets. As well as
containing the data being sent, packets contain extra data
like the destination address (where the packet should be
sent to), and the source address (where the packet came
from). This extra information allows the packets to be
relayed between many different routers -- travelling across
land, air, ocean, and maybe even outer space -- all
cooperating to send the packet to its intended destination.

If you're familiar with the ancient system of dead tree
communication known as the postal service, packets are a
similar concept to envelopes. A letter (data) is placed
inside an envelope (packet). The destination address is
written on the envelope, probably accompanied by a return
address and a stamp. The people and machines that make up
the postal system use the information on the envelope to
relay it to the correct destination (some of the time). The
receiver then removes the envelope to read the letter
within.

The structure of the data in a packet depends on which
protocol is being used. Protocols are specifications that
define exactly how senders should format packet data before
it is sent over the network, and exactly how receivers
should interpret the data that has come from the network. At
the moment, the networking protocol that most computers use
is TCP/IP, which is a combination of Transmission Control
Protocol (TCP) and Internet Protocol Version 4 (IPv4).

    ----------------------------------------------------

The payload for this layer is encoded as a stream of raw
network data, as if the solution was being received over the
internet. The data is a series of IPv4 packets with User
Datagram Protocol (UDP) inside. Extract the payload data
from inside each packet, and combine them together to form
the solution.

Each packet has three segments: the IPv4 header, the UDP
header, and the data section. So the first 20 bytes of the
payload will be the IPv4 header of the first packet. The
next 8 bytes will be the UDP header of the first packet.
This is followed by a variable-length data section for the
first packet. After the data section you will find the
second packet, starting with another 20 byte IPv4 header,
and so on.

You will need to read the specifications for IPv4 and UDP in
order to parse the data. The official specification for IPv4
is RFC 791 (https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc791) and for UDP
it is RFC 768 (https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc768). The
Wikipedia pages for these two protocols are also good, and
probably easier to read than the RFCs.

However, the payload contains extra packets that are not
part of the solution. Discard these corrupted and irrelevant
packets when forming the solution.

Each valid packet of the solution has the following
properties. Discard packets that do not have all of these
properties.

 - The packet was sent FROM any port of 10.1.1.10
 - The packet was sent TO port 42069 of 10.1.1.200
 - The IPv4 header checksum is correct
 - The UDP header checksum is correct

WARNING: Failing to do this properly WILL cause the next
layer to be unsolveable. If you include incorrect packets in
your solution, the result may be readable and look correct,
but its payload WILL be corrupted in ways that are
impossible to detect. Trust me.

The packets appear in the correct order. No reordering is
necessary.